Revisions
=========

Revisions is a plugin for the CakePHP-based Croogo CMS. It tracks any changes to nodes and allows you to edit / tag / create and push old revisions to a node.

Installation
------------

Copy the revisions directory into your app/plugins directory.

Activate revisions using the Croogo Plug-ins admin section.

*OPTIONAL* Because of the way themed views work you will need to create a symbolic link linking any node type overrides you create in your themes in order to properly previous page nodes in the proper views.

For example if you have a folder called app/views/themed/mytheme/nodes which contains a custom view_page.ctp in order to preview revisions you must create a symlink folder from revisions to nodes.

	cd app/views/themed/mytheme
	ln -s nodes revisions


### Features ###

* Any node changes that alter title, excerpt or body generates a revision.
* A new tab appears for node editing called "Revisions"
* The revisions tab lists all previous revisions to the node.
* You can create revisions without modifying your existing node in the revisions tab.
* You can preview revisions by clicking on the title of the revision in the revisions tab. This will allow you to toggle between current node contents and your revision.
* You can "push" any non-current revision to the node using the "push" link on each revision. This will make that revision replace the contents of the current node (and save a revision for the current node if applicable).
* You can tag revisions with a custom Tag for identification

### To Do ###

* Unit tests are broken. Need to find out why.
* Allow pushing tagged revisions en mass (one button pushing of all revision tagged "NEWSITE" for example
* Currently you can only preview nodes as pages. Need to think of a good way to preview things like blogroll/ homepage with a given revision tag.